Update blog post proposals to point to GitHub (#3220)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/marketing/content/editorial/editorial-process.md

## Guidelines for contributing to Sourcegraph’s blog

Start by submitting your proposal via a [GitHub issue using the blog post template](https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/issues/new?template=blog_post.md). You can submit a rough draft at the same time if you want to.

### Just submit an idea

If you have an idea to submit but you don't want to write it, you can still submit the idea via the [GitHub issue template](https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/issues/new?template=blog_post.md), just make a note that you are not proposing to write the post yourself.

### Once you have submitted a proposal

1. It's up to you if you want to share your proposal issue with the rest of your team or with other peers for feedback.
1. When you are ready, please @ mention the Content team members listed in the issue template. An editor will be assigned and will give you feedback on your idea.
1. Next we'll decide on a timeline together and discuss any images or graphics that you want to include so we can organize design work.
1. First draft is submitted by the first draft deadline.

> 1. An editor and/or peer reviewer is completed by the first draft review deadline. Please reference the [peer review template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KHFMIGmbmDPsE8EYPAf4DPD6kek_1dRnKf49wG5foU0/edit) when conducting your review. You do not need to answer every reflection question. This is a guide to help you provide useful and actionable feedback to the author.

Author: @csbailey5t @nickmyyz Wanted a second opinion, I think we should remove this peer review template for a few reasons:
- it's very long and may be offputting
- these are the sorts of things we as editors can look for. I would want peer reviewers to focus on fact checking and whether the post makes sense and is compelling technically.
WDYT?

Reviewer: @rebeccadee I agree with your reasons. I also agree that peer reviewers should focus on the coherence and impact of the post, too. I'm for removing it!

Author: ```suggestion
1. An editor and/or peer reviewer is completed by the first draft review deadline. The peer reviewer should focus on the coherence, technical accuracy, and impact of the post.
```
